# funny-ai

## Structure Of This Repo
The final code for our project is located in the `Final Code` directory at the root of this repo.
Within this directory are three sub-directories: `Preprocessing`, `Training`, and `Utilities`, which contain scripts related to these aspects of our project.
A `Generated Files` sub-directory within a sub-directory contains an example of a file that the script generates.

The `Other Iterations` directory at the root of this repo contains scripts used to train the non-final models discussed in our final report.

## Setting up Data
Install the git submodule for [rJokesData](https://github.com/orionw/rJokesData.git). Then, run the `format_data.py` file (located in the `Preprocessing` sub-directory of `Final Code`) in the same directory as the `rJokesData` directory.

## Training the Model
Run `fourth.py` (located in the `Training` sub-directory of `Final Code`) in the same directory as the `test.ssv` and `train.ssv` files produced by `format_data.py`.

## Evaluating the Model
Run the `evaluator.py` file (located in the `Utilities/Model Evaluator` sub-directory of `Final Code`) in the same directory as the `joke_regressor.pth` file generated by `fourth.py`.

## Demoing the Model
Run the `livedemo.py` file (located in the `Utilities/Live Demo` sub-directory of `Final Code`) in the same directory as the `joke_regressor.pth` file generated by `fourth.py`. 
`livedemo.py` requires the location of a text file containing the contents of the joke to be scored as a command line argument. 
An optional argument indicated with the -s flag is the raw reddit score of the joke. This is then converted into the logarithmic scale used throughout the dataset and compared to the predicted score output by the model.

